Australia is considered the world's most
China dependent economy geographically
positioned for easy trade Australia has
positioned itself well in other means
also currency swaps with China have been
successful and an expansion has been
evident even when obvious alliances with
other Western nations are strong
Australia's economic ties with China
have been very beneficial to both sides
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you let's talk about
China today as well as Australia and
also Trump president-elect Donald Trump
invited technology leaders to a
discussion next week in New York where
Silicon Valley will begin building
relationships with an incoming
Administration it initially distrusted
and mostly criticized so obviously
they're going to need to do business
over these next few years it is
important that they get a strategy to at
least what Trump is hoping to pull that
offshore money in land that is the hope
that is the desire to give them
favorable taxation say bring your money
back in and we will uh take care of you
that's sort of the hope that's going on
now perhaps part of the discussions and
I do believe that the intention here is
to create more jobs within the US
and give favorable taxation as a result
let's look at this you saw it out there
but I found this to be very funny Senate
Republicans are preparing to launch a
coordinated and wide ranging probe into
Russia's alleged men meddling with the
US elections and its potential cyber
threats to the military digging deep
into what they view as a corrosive
interference in the nation's
institutions so yes they are going to
dig in to exactly what happened that
connects in with this article the
CIA all right the CIA has concluded in a
secret assessment that Russia intervened
in the 2016 elections to help Donald
Trump win the presidency rather than
just to undermine confidence in the US
electoral system according to the
officials briefs so it got went further
than that just that they wanted some
influence in fact according to the CIA
they said that he was able to win
because of the help of Russia now this
initially came to light with two
independent um teams let's say and they
said Russia hacked and Russia had
influence maybe maybe I could believe
that in so-called independent analysis
but when it's the CIA
I immediately need to believe that it's
fake the CIA responsible for kudeta all
over the world going back as far as can
be seen in the pages of History the CIA
known for its corrupt and criminal
activity the CIA known to spy on its own
citizens to capture its own
citizens and essentially working
offshore in its own black
budget so when you tell me that the CIA
has concluded in a of course secret
assessment I immediately begin to
question it I don't know what happened I
don't know the truth I don't know any of
that I don't have any details all I know
is that when you have an organization
that is consistently lying to people
consistently doing bad things I'm not
going to trust them that's just the way
it is you should have had somebody else
other than the CIA do
that but using the CIA is not going to
enlist any confidence in
me all right let's look at the main
article for today while growth figur
stank last quarter the nation is again
being cushioned by its status this is
talking about Australia of course as the
developed world's most China dependent
economy surging coal this is important
surging coal and iron ore prices have
helped ease an erosion of national
income down under and together with a
slower slide in mining investment signal
better prospects ahead what I would say
about Australia even more so than Canada
is that it is Commodities driven the
economy relies heavily on Commodities
it's to some degree um real aspect in
Canada as well where as soon as you see
commodity prices coming down you will
see the dollars coming down and you will
also uh see the general economy suffer
look at the prices of oil for example
and then you saw what happened with the
real estate prices uh in Alberta other
regions as well you you saw that you
that was very clear I covered it here
Australia is even more to that degree
where you see these Commodities that
when they are suffering when indust
Industrial Metals or anything that will
be used in industry to build whenever
those items are no longer needed you see
that Australian economy suffering so
it's interesting to be able to um you
know if if you're a day trader or even a
long-term
Trader if you know these things if you
knew these little basic pieces of
information you could then predict the
economy predict Forex things like this
you don't need to look at it on a daily
basis
understand the trend and you can there
therefore be able to predict exactly
what's going on all right Australia can
thank it's number one trading partner
whose old economy is Reviving as fiscal
stimulus gets Smoke Stacks billowing
Again by the way I don't agree with what
they're saying I'm just reading this for
you all right traditional Chinese
Industries seen as proxies for growth
such as electricity and rail cargo have
collectively bounced back to the highest
level in 3 years the big unknown the
durability of a turnaround that ended
more than 50% drop in commodity prices
between 2011 and 2016 so this is how you
get an economy to suffer is you destroy
their biggest exports if you can do that
you will have them suffer the currency
often times suffers as well so that
would mean something for those uh
looking to invest as I said earlier
whether you wanted to uh purchase uh one
side of the trade or you want to short
the other this is a big story for
Australia we've talked about the
commodity prices as being a game tranger
this here very clear and uh it goes for
not just Australia and China but other
um you know other countries as well look
at Canada and the US as an example
Ontario's exports almost all of
Ontario's exports end up going to the US
so they have a very close ties
the Mexican president here is talking
about the fact that putting the military
on the streets is keeping people
safe think about that for a second here
when you go to a develop developing
Nation you often will see the military
on the streets you will see checkpoints
everywhere and you generally get a sense
of unease when you are in the streets
this goes for Mexico if you've gone to
Mexico you may have seen where you have
a lot of police presence and you have
the military on the streets I've seen it
with my own eyes so I'm sure you have as
well what you will notice is that Mexico
is not the only country who is like this
there are several where you have number
one developing Nation you have the
erosion or almost non-existence of a
middle class
you have tons of corruption at all
levels of government and you generally
have a civil unrest scenario that is
taking place when I tell you that this
is happening in the developed Nations
what are currently
developed it erodes into this
scenario when you give them the power
that is the government forces the the
power
to rot the economy to its core I assure
you this is what's happening this is a
crystal ball for what will occur you
have a country like Mexico which certain
areas are complete bedum and other areas
are more prosperous then you look at an
area like karacus and Venezuela which
has declined into
absolute apocalyptic scenarios right now
massive levels of inflation huge lineups
to get basic things that they need for
themselves you have government
interference and absolutely everything
and this is the kind of thing that we
will see in the major cities around the
world in the developed world look at
this Brazil grapples with Lynch Mob
epidemic quote a good criminal is a dead
criminal Guardian analysis reveals 173
people have been killed by mobs this
year
poverty is taking over it is the new
Prosperity you will not find the major
cities to be what they were before yes
there is people there are people buying
homes worth a 100 million plus very you
know it happens I've shown you it here
on the
channel but at the same time you have
the erosion of the middle class the
middle class is what generally generates
the whole economy and it's happening in
not just one or two it's not just
Caracus that's obviously the the the
obvious example but when you have
different cities of Brazil like this you
have Mexico different areas of Mexico
like this it's not just Latin America as
well it's coming home it's coming to
your
doorstep this article right here I won't
get into it essentially talking about
poverty particular uh in particular the
poverty on the college campuses and you
have people who literally can't eat
without other people's help that's
called poverty and guess what this is
talking about the US not poverty in K
Caracus Brazil Mexico other areas this
is the
US this right here is I found it
interesting essentially what they're
doing is in Japan they're tagging
people all right the adhesive QR coded
seals putting on their nails for people
with Alzheimer's people with
dementia and essentially what this does
is if they're found somewhere in a
random location they could scan that and
they can figure out who they are where
they're from and everything else I get
it I
understand the need for something like
this what I would say is that this is
the kind of thing that has that tiptoe
effect today it's on people with
dementia tomorrow it's on children
children in schools and soon enough it's
on government
employees and then um you know the
police and the fire in the ambulance
Hospital workers suddenly it's uh you
know government workers that work
outside or work out of the country or
you know it just it's a tiptoe effect
and that's really what worries me here
last but not least I thought it was
interesting essentially what they're
talking about here is this individual
who put up a satanic display got
permission and said look it's my First
Amendment right to be able to uh put
this up here even if it offends people
and I do agree with the First Amendment
absolutely there is no question the
reason I mentioned this is the satanic
display is simply that Satanism is
growing Satanism with its rituals dating
back as far as the eye can see
is more prevalent now today than it was
in uh recent years it's really coming to
the Forefront and one of those obvious
examples being pizzagate I haven't got
into pizzagate here on the channel I
have done my reading up on it and uh I
may uh do a video about it although I
won't get into too many of the details
because I probably probably won't be
able to stay uh you know coherent during
the process while reading that kind of
information but anyway look look forward
to that I'll U I'll try and do something
about that if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
if you hate my face give me a thumbs
down last but not least if you found the
video
informative then I know you'll find my
book The Money GPS even more informative
it's got charts it's got diagrams it has
everything you need to understand such a
complex subject in a very easy fash
fashion so go to Amazon where they have
a look inside feature that allows you to
flip through the pages of the book and
see if you like it take care